what is going on guys my name is Jericho
and today is one of those old-school sit
down commentaries where I yell into my
microphone from four inches away and its
gameplay that I don't even mention one
so there there you go but I have a
reason for making today's video I think
a lot of people will kind of enjoy the
uncharacteristic view of the of what I'm
about to talk about but normally I don't
like to talk about anything that goes on
behind the scenes of YouTube or
otherwise personalized cuz it I like to
convey a certain level of awesome
happiness on my channel like I don't
ever want someone to go there and be
like man I'm depressed like that's not
at all what I want to have happen so
what I'm actually talking about on
youtube today is the amount of videos
that I was making previously a couple
months ago up until last month actually
up until like two weeks ago the amount
of videos that I was making as well as
my happiness level with what I was doing
and a lot of stuff that I just kind of
brushed under the table and hope nobody
heard about um I'm terrified of
complaining to the point that people
start to get annoyed because I am in a
very wondrous position I am extremely
happy with my my job my life my
girlfriend my you know I've got a lot of
things going for me and it's hard to
it's hard to talk about anything going
wrong without seeming ungrateful but
there was a portion during YouTube in
the last couple months I'd say the last
six months where I was legitimately
afraid that this whole thing that I
built up and kind of hoped I would be
able to sort of do for the rest of my
life was coming to an end you know it
was it was a lot of a lot of issues with
what I was being paid out per view and
it was about half as much as I was used
to getting and that combined with the
fact that you know I wasn't getting as
many views as I used to get it left me
in a position where I had to either
produce a shit ton of content lots of
videos right which I didn't have a
problem with or I could get a job on the
side and continue to YouTube part time
and at the time I was like fuck dad I'm
not letting go so I just ramped up the
production i started making two to three
videos a day you guys remember that
I would do two to three videos a day in
a four hour livestream every night and
I'll be honest with you I could do that
for a you know a sustained period of
time couple years but I was not happy
doing that and I did not feel a lot of
my issue came from the fact that it's
not it's not even about how much I'm
making from youtube as long as I'm able
to pay my bills and live comfortably I
get really upset with myself if I'm not
able to produce high-quality content I
started making YouTube videos on one
video a week and I remember saying you
can probably go back and find it I don't
want to make more than one video a week
I don't want to spam my viewers I'm not
like that lo and behold for videos a day
later I'm like God fuck this sucks so I
I wasn't happy and I felt like it hurt
my content and I felt like that was a
downward spiral where if I wasn't happy
i couldn't make the best videos and
since I couldn't make the best video as
it wasn't happy and it was like when
people who have eating disorders can't
break out of it you know I was afraid to
stop posting as many videos because um
that would reduce my income which would
put me in an even worse spot and it was
just getting to the point where I was
just pretty it was stressful and I
wasn't happy with the way things were
going ever since i started the minecraft
server in my minecraft channel it's
given me a little bit of breathing room
to reassess what i'm doing the extra
income from those two has helped make up
for my lack of youtube income plus live
stream is going amazingly i'm thoroughly
enjoying it and i've been working with a
bunch of different game publishers and
stuff to kind of do game deals with them
and you know all things considered I'm
in a much better place than I was six
five three months ago um in that being
said when I got back from pax I realized
that I didn't want to make four videos a
day or three videos a day there's
nothing wrong with doing that and I
still felt like my videos were enjoyable
I just felt like they lost an extra
dimension I felt like everything that I
was doing was solely reactionary based
and it was kind of like this happened
and this was my reaction and it was
funny because of my reaction and it
wasn't like wow I found this funny
because it was a real
a tongue-in-cheek parody of XYZ and the
problem with that was that the more the
videos that I'm more proud of the videos
that i think are funnier to me are the
ones that take three to five times the
amount of time and effort cuz i have to
write the jokes I got to see if they're
actually funny there's a lot of stuff
going on in there right so I'm I wanted
to say that that I don't want to go back
to that ever i'm not i don't think that
I can do multiple videos a day the
exception being highlight videos if I
live streaming something epic happens
fuck you you're getting a highlight I
don't care what you have to say it's
good like the Daisy highlights I mean
those are gonna be lower watched videos
because a lot of people don't think
Daisy's that entertaining I promise you
if you watch Jericho vs the dealer you
will enjoy that video I'll have it on
the end of this video but it's like six
minutes of nothing but hilariousness I
you know stuff like that I want to bring
to the channel on a regular basis but as
for videos that I have to sit down and
put effort into creating that's gonna be
one a day and I don't know if that's
gonna disappoint some of you I surely
know that there's a lot of games that I
want to try out but at the end of the
day if I'm posting you know for videos a
day I'm gonna be depressed i'm not gonna
be I'm gonna be stressed I'm gonna like
that's a lot of shit to keep track of
imagine if someone was like you have to
create for individual papers on on
similar topics but you gotta make them
unique every time you know it just gets
to the point where I feel like I can't
produce the best content possible so I
wanted to give you guys this little
window of opportunity to check into the
behind the scenes of what I'm doing I
wanted to thank you again because um I
know that it got a little rough when I
was throwing in 400 different games at
once you guys need to know that as call
duty is my my baby it's my home I love
playing it there are other games out
there that I think are better to watch
and more fun to play so give it a chance
if I'm posting a video now it means that
I am very confident that video is gonna
be fucking awesome for most of you guys
so take my word for it I've been doing
it for a long time I try and I try and
make my content pretty broad but um you
know I understand it can get pretty
pipeline with all the call booty over
and over and over again so I'm trying to
just you know
brought my horizons keep the
entertaining content going but I'm not
doing for videos a day or anything crazy
like that ever again so thank you guys
for sticking on and chillin with me and
making it through that that nice little
spam patch my name is Jericho I am
incredibly happy with the way things are
going and I hope you guys are seeing
reflection of that in my content and as
always I'll talk to you legends later we
won't us you owe me money I owe you
money what will be dressed you guys
baseball bat you break my leg son you
break my legs I'm out of here you break
my legs come here fucking come here
where do you where'd he go where'd he go